docs: spelling and grammar fixes (#1972)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/teams/index.md

[Community]{.text-primary}

#description

> From contributors to advocates, the community is made of member from different horizons and skills. We are happy to see new members everyday and encourage anyone to help in any way (answering questions, giving a talk, creating modules and contributing to the core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From contributors to advocates, the community is made of members with different horizons and skills. We are happy to see new members every day and encourage anyone to help in any way (answering questions, giving a talk, creating modules and contributing to the core).
```
